if isinstance(number,int) and number <20 
    here python evaluates from left to right hence it is a safe expression.

even if there is just one statment in conditional,write in next line.

name functions in snake case.

if three possible outputs of a function,better use -1 0 1 than True False and -1 and assign True to one in case the function is used in boolean expression and 0 as False.

take care of errors like off by one.

docstring conventions: PEP 257 PYTHON ENHANCEMENT PROPOSOL

    a docstring is a string that occurs as the first statement in a module,function, class, or method definition. it becomes __doc__ attribute of that object. 

    always put in """ """ or use r""" """ or for unicode use u"""  """

    there are two forms:
         ONE LINERS:
            def kos_root():
                """ Return the pathname of the KOS root directory. """
            triple quotes make it easy to extend later.
            there is no blank line before or after.
            the docstring is a phrase ending in a period.
            it prescribes/order the function or methods effect as a command ("do this
            ") not as a description eg "Returns the pathname..."\
            don't write signature of function like (function(a,b)->list))

            signatures are only good for inbuilt methods.

            but the nature of return value cannot be determined so it should be mentioned.
            hence better form 
                """Do x and return a list."""
        MULTI-LINE Docstring:
            consists of a summary line just like a one-line docstring,followed by a blank line,follwed by a more elaborate  description.
            the summary line may be used by automatic indexing tools.
            
            the summary line can be on same line as """ or in another line.

            the entire docstring is indented same as quotes.

            insert a blank line after all docstrings one line or MULTI that document a class 

            the classes methods are also separated by a line.

            the docstring of a script (a stand alone program) should be usable as its usage message.printed when the script is invoked with incorrect or missing arguments or perhaps with a -h option for help.such a docstrng shoudl document the script's function and command line syntax,enviroment variables,files etc.
        
        the docstring of module should generally list the classes,exceptions and functions that are exported. with a one-line summary of each.

        the docstring of a package,i.e the docstring of its __init__.py module shoudl also list the modules and subpackages exported by the package.

        def complex(real=0.0,imag=0.0):
            """Form a complex number.

            Keyword arguments:
            real -- the real part (default 0.0)
            imag -- the imaginary part (default 0.0)
            """

            if ........
        
        type hinting:
            def hello_world(name: str)->str:
                business.
            they are not forced.
            you can use typechecker to check for it.